>> Brian Holt: So,
let's go do those buttons really quick.
So we forgot to do that.
>> Brian Holt: The buttons, okay.
Back to your index.html here.
Underneath the two divs here, above
the scripts./ We're gonna do two buttons.
One of them's gonna be div
class="swiper-button-prev".
And this one's gonna
be swiper-button-next.
>> Brian Holt: So now, if we come
over to our little gallery here,
the swiper gallery, and
we refresh the page.
Looks relatively similar, right.
But now we have this
button here on the side.
And if you click on it.
Get like a nice little
sliding animation there.
>> Brian Holt: So does this look better or
worse than the one that we built?
I think ours had some
like homey charm to it.
But what's also cool,
try clicking and dragging on it.
>> Brian Holt: Right,
that's pretty cool as well.
>> Brian Holt: So how much time
will this take us to write by hand?
A lot.
So it's really nice to be
able to do someone else's.
>> Speaker 2: Is it supposed
to be interactive already?
>> Brian Holt: Did you link your
JavaScript here at the bottom?
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Brian Holt: Then I would
probably look at your console and
see if you have any errors or
something like that.
I don't have anything in
my console at the moment.
>> Speaker 3: Curious about like
when you're doing a big web page,
more than just like a gallery.
What is the maximum amount of
JavaScript you would link?
Is it average like just one library and
then one of your own?
>> Brian Holt: I don't know if there's
gonna be a cap on how much you would do.
Like if you go to like something like
Netflix.com and see how many script files,
they're probably loading 20 or
something like that.
The more succinct answer to that is,
I'm kind of showing you how to do
something like very crafted the each page.
When you start getting
into larger companies and
larger amounts of JavaScript,
you'll have basically tools that you'll
write a bunch of JavaScript files, and
it'll concatenate them and minify and
send them down as all in one file.
So you could have a little bit more
control in what's loaded in what order and
things like that.
So that's a little bit
more advanced use case.
In the other version of this that
I teach for Frontend Masters,
there's a part on how to do that,
in a very basic level.
So that's definitely
a video worth checking out
if you're interested in
learning how to do that.
And then there's a webpack course here.
And that's kinda what webpack is for.
But that's way more advanced.
Cool?
Not cool?
Pretty cool?
Yeah, Lenny thinks it's cool.
>> Speaker 4: John has a question online.
He's asking, are these divs a bad thing
to implement due to accessibility issues?
>> Brian Holt: I love that
you asked me that question.
And my first answer is probably.
And my second answer is I don't know.
So let's take a look.
Let's see how well.
You know what?
They did okay.
Look, so they have a role=button here,
an aria-label next slide.
And aria-disabled is false.
So this is actually well done.
>> Brian Holt: But as you can see here,
they had to put all this stuff on here to
make it look like a button
to a screen reader.
It's a lot easier to just
put a damn button there.
So [LAUGH] because all that
stuff's just built into buttons.
So I could not do this from memory,
I would have to go look up.
It's like okay, what are all the things I
need to for this to look like a button?
It's better to just use
a button typically.
Other questions?
>> Mark: Is this a good
time to mention that this
script is on
the Frontend Masters home page?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so should I just,
I'll just bring it up here.
FrontendMasters.com.
So if you go down here.
This is Swiper, right, Mark?
>> Mark: Yeah.
>> Mark: There's a lot of
performance things I've added to it.
>> Brian Holt: But you can see down here,
you can see the little
pagination that it has.
It has a ton of features into it.
In fact, I wanna play around with a couple
more of them just to show you how to
mess with it.
But If it's good enough for
Frontend Masters,
it's probably good enough for you.
>> Mark: [LAUGH] Resize the browser and
hit refresh.
>> Brian Holt: Like to a smaller size?
>> Mark: Or bigger.
Or I guess you don't need to refresh it.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so
it's actually dynamically alotting how
many tweets it's showing at one time.
>> Mark: Yeah, and then, I like lazy
load the tweets, because otherwise.
>> Brian Holt: It takes forever.
>> Mark: Yeah, there's like 100 tweets.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Mark: So,
if you have like a ton of them, and just,
you don't want to load them all.
So Swiper has a lazy load feature.
>> Brian Holt: That's cool.
So this library is incredibly flexible.
There's tons of stuff you can do with it.
You can have it go vertically,
you can have it be able to scroll.
It's very touch friendly for
like phones and
stuff like that,
which is really, really great.
I think we used it,
at least at one point, on Netflix.com.
So that's also a pretty big endorsement.
And if you look on their website,
they actually show you all
their companies down here.
Adobe, Cisco, Disney, BMW,
a bunch of companies like that.
So Swiper's great.
But in general, what I'm trying to
show you here is that if you think
it's like I need to put
an image gallery on my webpage.
You can build it like, like now you know,
definitely that you can build it,
because we built it together, right?
But oftentimes, it's better to just say
like someone else put a lot of time and
thought into this.
I'm just going to rely
on what they've done.
So there's nothing wrong with that.
That's not cheating or anything like that.
That's what you should be doing.
>> Brian Holt: One of my colleagues at
Microsoft made the example of machine
learning.
He sat down, he taught us in
a workshop how machine learning works.
It's surprisingly not as
complicated as one might expect.
And so he sat down and
like showed us how to do it.
And then at the end of it, he's like,
okay, you know how this works.
You could build it.
Do you want to?
The answer's no, I just want Tensorflow or
whatever library to do it for me, right?
That's kind of how I feel about
a bunch of these widgets.
I could do this, I don't want to,
so I'm not going to.
I'll let someone else handle it for me.
>> Mark: The fact that you know how
to do it means you're gonna better
understand how to modify or
change the behavior or something.
>> Brian Holt: Absolutely.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, like you were saying.
Like you modified it to be like more
in line with your expectations for
frontendmasters.com.
And that's absolutely
what you should be doing.
I bastardize other people's
code all the time.
Actually you could probably call
me a professional bastardizer.